Day 1 - 11:40 AM - 1/19/25
We are on a tiny island right now as we get ready to set out to find more land to call home. We barely have any food and supplies but we'll manage.
I have a lot of wood, torches, diamonds, iron and more. I think we'll make it.

As we set out on the water, we found ancient cities and ships. As I looked to my right, I found an island that was full of supplies.
We'll be staying here tonight. Noma and Wish are invisible for some reason so I wasn't able to find them, buried myself.

They came back to the island and found me. I got out of the hole I was in and went to theirs. I'm now in the hole with Noma and Wish. Signing off for the night.

Day 2 - 11:57 AM
When we got out of the hole, it was downpouring. Noma and Wish decided to stay in while I went out for supplies.
There is so much wood — we have wood!!

We're now going back on the boats and venturing.
Wish said we found a "ring of islands". I'm looking for sheep. We need beds.
I got some wool but had to avoid and kill some creepers.

I died and got brought back to the main island.
Wish and Noma left with the only boat. I told them to leave.
I'll continue to journal and explore.

Day 3 - Unknown Time
This island doesn't look too bad. Plenty of trees and maybe animals. Lots of stone for cobblestone and maybe iron.

Day 4 - 12:28 AM
Built a simple house with a bed, chest, crafting table.
Found a wandering trader — going to trade.

The trades fucking sucked, so I murdered him. :3
House is complete! Added a fireplace and chimney to signal smoke.

Day 5 - 12:48 PM
Went to gather more supplies.
Laptop overheated and server went down... Going to sleep...

Day 6 - 1:14 PM
Actually getting supplies this time. Saw a creeper mid-day.
Trees make it easy for mobs to spawn.
THE FUCKING CREEPER WAS AT MY DOOR

Ran away. Tried to fight it, but it blew up. I'm okay, but there's a crater now.
Got 2 iron and 30 cobblestone.

Day 7 - 1:24 PM
Mining day! Found an underwater cave with coal.
Wish joined, teleported to me... and then died.

There's a ridge on the island that’s good for mining.
Got 14 coal and 24 cobblestone.
Turned the ridge into a boat port.

Cooked a lot of food. This island's great for supplies.

Day 8 - 1:40 PM
Wish teleported in and gave me a book called "How to Get Rich" — had coords to a shipwreck.
She started BookCraft, a book company. Neat!

She popped in again and asked to read my journal. After reading:

"Amazing"
"Off to another planet I go"
"Where am I? Nobody knows" — and dies

Later, she gave me an emerald, bamboo, and seeds as a reward. It’s already morning. sob

Day 9 - 1:54 PM
Actually made a boat this time. Went to a new island — bigger and better.

Saw a lot of foxes, pigs, and dogs. Didn't harm the animals.
Got back home via a different route. My boat is still out there — I’ll get it tomorrow.

Day 10 - 2:06 PM
Wish said she found a ring of islands — not the one I'm on?
Going to improve the island and maybe start a farm.

Made a wall trophy for the emerald. Didn't get my boat.
Wish came back and read the journal again. Said:

"10/10"
"Would read again"

I gave her a diamond in thanks. She ran off...
Then a creeper exploded outside. Land got damaged but not the house.

Wish moved onto this island! More work can get done!
Got iron from Saam and made a bucket. We’re trying to farm on the water — it might work!

Day 11 - 2:44 PM
Skilled moved onto the island!
Farm on the water is working — wheat’s growing!
Going scavenging tomorrow.

Day 12 - 2:58 PM
Tamed a dog! Not bringing him on the expedition though.
Started the expedition. Just ocean... thinking I’ll never find a new island.
Boating through the night.

Found a tiny patch of land with lots of sheep and... skeletons.
Someone slept, so it's safer now.

Day 13 - 3:11 PM
Explored the land — not an island, but fields and mountains!
Lots of supplies here. Marked the location:
-2583 70 161
Made a huge pillar like Wish's method.
Heading back to the main island with loot.

Saw another beautiful Minecraft sunset...

Day 14 - 3:22 PM
Heading back home. Found an ancient city.
Coords: -2096 62 720
Guardians everywhere. Got lost. Used sun to guide back.

Day 15 - 3:33 PM
Made it back!
Wish built a library. Already grabbed another journal.
Can’t wait to turn this one into a book!

Day 16 - 3:44 PM
Wish added her journal to the library!
Excited to publish this one too.

Thinking of making a community chest room or store.
Only Wish and I are online — time to grind.
She really seems to like my journal 🥹

I’m just such a peak writer frfr ong.
Laptop overheated again. Maybe lost track of time.
Lagging... okay, less lag now.

Day 17 - 4:15 PM
Chill day. Wish is doing random stuff.
I’m upgrading my house. Maybe stairs?
We fixed the dock and started a trading hub.

Wish gave me a bird! I named her Patrica 💙
Dock is looking good!

Day 18 - 4:29 PM
Clearing trees for space and mob control.
Wish tamed a parrot too — named Rosemary!

Her dog died... and it was my fault 😭
I accidentally hit Wish, her dog attacked, mobs showed up, chaos... couldn’t save the dog.

Day 19 - 4:47 PM
Felt terrible. Gave Wish an enchanted rod from my expedition.

We’re going to explore that island I found.
I remember the way by the sun and moon!

Found new islands and a ruined portal.
Laptop overheated again. sob...

Day 20 - 5:05 PM
Starting Journal 2!!!!!!!!!!