Journal2 of Squirrel

started on 1/19/25

After Signed

it will become property of TCOP library.

signed on 1/25/25

Squirrel Gay Acorns

Day 21 5:24 PM 1/19/25

Wish is writing the constitution and laws.

The punishment seems like a fine or jail

Looks like TCOP will be having a goverment!

I wonder if I'll be like a mayor or smth... I did start this place cause

of saying that I would stay here.

I'ma start clearing these trees like I said earlier.

I have offically signed the constituion and read over it. It all looks good!

Day 22 5:42 PM

We're buring trees down to get more space!

We have a lot more space and are just cleaning up now!

I made some shovels so wish and I can get some dirt from the other islands.

Day 23 5:58 PM

We got enough dirt to patch up everything.

I'm currently working on the chest room so we have more chests.

Wish was talking about missing her bird... and it started raining.. then sad music started playing... it's a fuckingg

sign.

I burned and cleaned up more of TCOP!

So much more space.. we can put more buildings like a store and a trading hub!!

OOO MAYBE EVEN A COMMUNITY CENTER!!!!

I'ma continue building

the chest room.

Day 24 6:16 PM

I'm getting more dirt to patch up stuff with Saam.

Day 25 11:26 PM

the server went out for awhile so I wasn't able to grind...

I forgot that Minecraft sucked on phone vro... I can't do no expeditions sob...

I'ma try to do stuff but tomorrow is my best bet...

Day 26 11:30 PM

I'ma try to get stuff done.

I managed to put around 5 chests in the chest building.

The chest building isn't even really a building.. yet.

It seems after cleaning up the land, more good mobs spawn. really good!!

I'ma organize the

chests tomorrow so everything can be cleaner!

Day 27 11:47 PM

I'ma work on the chest room more and maybe just fix stuff up

Uhm so like wtf. Istfg I just saw someone staring at me. I looked

away and they just disappeared. No one else in server.

Really eery when in a Minecraft server alone and at night sob

It's actually way too fuckingg quiet.

I'm gonna sleep and work on more stuff tomorrow

Day 28 12:01 AM

Noma's account was locked so she is using alt rn

I put some stuff in the chests.

Showing noma around TCOP rn!!

She's currently reading

my first journal!!

Day 19 12:09 AM

I'm still building the chest room and putting more stuff inside.

Maybe I'll go fishing !!!!

So many dogs around in TCOP, it's a blessing!!

The chest room structure is finished! Now we need to get more wood and make chests!

going eep (in game :3)

Day 30 12:29 AM

Ugh, I put up signs for the chests and they look really fucking

ugly... I think it's cause it's the same material sob

I'ma make a fishing rod and go fishing!!!!

I got 3 fish and an almost broken pair of boots.. what luck.

Day 31 12:36 AM

Noma reset the servers so there's anticheat, what a goat!!!

I may go fishing again because fish

Noma said the anticheat is kinda ass but it's good enough.

Started to rain, should

be good on the wheat.

I cut down the bamboo so it's not as tall anymore.

I gave it as a nice gift to wish... hahaha 2 stacks of bamboo :33

Day 32 12:46 PM

Rain stopped so that's good.. don't want any

mobs trying to kill or explode things lmfao

I wonder what to do.. it's boring without wish tbh..

There's pillagers out in the water... very strange.

We need to get more torches cause bad mobs spawn and stay

too much.

Day 33 12:59 AM

Noma changed the address to:

minecraft.freakybob.site

!!!

I'ma go plant some trees.

I just got teleported to a weird location and

then back in my house. Only one in server.

I think this server is hauntedd.

It was Noma, that dumbass.

she wants me to be first person to go to the nether LMFAO

Day 34 1:10 AM

Noma tried to send to nether but it was just a random location lol

There's a fox on this island!!!

Day 35 1:21 PM

There's a lot of free space now because of a lot of trees being

gone.

I am currently planting trees tho :3

just filling in stuff with dirt.. very fun.

Noma left for school.. lonely :c

Day 35 1:35 PM

Started to downpour

again so I'm staying inside with my doggie.

When I was outside, I heard a baby zombie and I actually screamed.

Just chilling around in the chest room, it's pretty calm on the island rn.

Heading over to the

library to read cause bored.

THERE'S A FUCKING ZOMBIE WITH FULL GOLD ARMOR OUTSIDE THE LIBRARY. SAME WITH A CREEPER.

Welp, stuck inside the library sobbb

thunderstorm happen rn, peak fr

Day 36 1:44 AM

Was able to escape back to the house.

There's way too many mobs here.

The zombie with the gold armor was still alive so I started fighting. Killed me one time since I had nothing but I came back with a diamond shovel

and beat his fucking fatass :33

Gonna actually read at the library now. Wish's journals gotta have smth cool!!

I read through the books and I'm def not bored anymore!!

My fav book/journal wish made is def

"All in due time"!!!!!

It's just a longer story with more feeling and personality in it!! 🔥

I think it's night.. gotta eep..

Day 37 1:59 AM

A creeper is at my fucking door like a fucking crackhe@d.

Not a good thing to start the day off with lmfao.

I led it faraway from the main stuff and violated (killed) the creeper :33

The trees I planted grew! Good!!

There's a wandering trader ontop of the

chest room. hahaha what a loser

Day 38 2:11 AM

I'ma go to the other islands and get some more supplies :3

I got a LOT of wood!! We should be pretty good now!

I'ma sleep now.. I play

later :333333

Day 39 9:44 AM

I am really proud of what people have done for here already...

We have a nether portal now !!!

Day 40 9:49 AM

I need to get some

supplies from the nether.

Going into the nether now !!!

I died.

I'ma try to back in with armor!

I survived for a bit with wish but I died...

I'ma go smelt the gold and put in the community chests

Sounds like there's colonists on the other side of the world or nether.. nice!!!

Day 40 10:25 AM

went mining and found a cave! gonna explore more!

It sounds like the other colonists are creating.. rome..????

Going back to mine !!!!

I keep fucking dying SOB

Day 41 10:41 AM

going back to the mines :333

I patched up some spots with dirt to level up TCOP!!

Raining again, Good on the dirt!!

Wish made a lighting rod LMFAO, we're watching the lightning rn :33

Day 42 10:55 AM

Wish and I are just

experimenting with a lighting rod!!!

I got killed by the lightning sob

Pretty sunset!!!

Day 43 11:13 AM

We have a new colonist at TCOP!! Great!

Gonna go mining and

fishing maybe

Day 44 11:16 AM

We're gonna start working on more buildings like stores!!

The store is looking pretty good. It's pretty deep in the ground tho.

Tcop is officially a country!! Woohoo!!!!

The store will be bigger, It's just the basement :333

Creepee almost blew up the store.. sob..

Tomorrow, I'ma get some sand from that one island !

Day 45 11:43 AM

A dog is in the boat

Day 46 12:01 PM

Didn't really get to write due to a hacker.

I'ma work on the store and mineing

Uranium is going to be banned for buring down the tcop

Day 48 1:21 PM

I forgot to write cause

all the drama that happened lmfao

Wish and I are in Rome!! It's actually really pretty!!!

Cords R: 2022 75 1983

We are currently signing the peace treaty.

Well, today has been a strange day lmfao

Uranium isn't allowed to come to Rome or to the TCOP nation.

Day 49 1:43 PM

Mined for a while and got a lot of cobblestone.

Wish is going on a boat to Rome, so I'm taking care of TCOP rn :3

Uranium is saying sorry

and is giving all her stuff away. This is extreme guilt tripping lmfao.

Day 50 1:59 PM

Sounds like she's getting arrested.

Or not?? Idfk what's happening over there sob

She was hit with

lightning LMFAO

she's going to jail in Rome now.

Anyway, gonna get some wood

Ravine cords:

-1230 76 1315

Could be good for ores

Just went swimming in

the ravine!!!!

Day 51 2:22 PM

Wish is missing all the fun stuff at TCOP rn fr.. I saw bamboo get bigger.. lmfao

I just violated a cow and killed her hahahahah

Just milked 89 times..

cow go BOOM.

going mineing for iron !!!!!

The sunset is so pretty on Minecraft :3333

Day 52 2:31 PM

found some lapis!!

I FOUND THE DIAMONDS WISH TALKED ABOUT

Day 55 3:28 PM

Wish and I are gonna explore more islands.

WE FOUND ICE... AND POLAR BEAR wow !!!!!

Wish is trying to kidnap one vro.. wtf.

IT GOT MAD AND KILLED ME

WISH JUST FUCKING KIDNAPPED A CUB VRO WHAT THE FUCK

We got lost and the bear grew up and ran away..

Day 56 9:18 AM 1/25/25

It's been a bit since I've played but I'm back in the game yippe!!!

I'm in the mines with nomaakip.

Noma created a railroad from her island to tcop!

That'll def be useful!

TCOP is looking kinda messy so I'ma clean it up a bit.

I'm also gonna remake

my house cause it kinda sucks tbh 😭

The Railroads are kinda weird since they just float over tcop.. it's ok tho :P

I'm gonna remake my house now lmfao

Day 57 9:36 AM

Currently taking down

my house. I think I'ma make my house actually look livable..

I'ma go mining for iron cause we really need some.

Got a single piece of gold. great.

Day 58 9:55 AM

I patched up a spot

where a creeper exploded.. I fucking hate creepers.

Gonna go mining in a new place cause we are out of a lot of ores.

I'm back at the ravine I had found back on day 50. Gonna go mine there !!

This journal has came to an end. Journal 3 :33